[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SEAN MCNAMARA: I started
training in these traditions
because I was seeking an
answer about life after death.
And instead, I became
a good Buddhist.
I wanted evidence.
I want an experience.
I didn't just want
to operate on faith.
I didn't need to give away my
power anymore to anybody else
that if I work hard enough at
it, I can find my own answers.
First major experiment
I did with them was I
would put them in
a chair massage,
created targets for them to
view while they were getting
massages, and after
the massage was done
and I would open the
envelope and show them
the image, and both of our jaws.
So I asked them to dunk their
arms in buckets of ice water.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
So you're asking
them to be both relaxed and
excited at the same time?
>>MCNAMARA: At the
present and of the future.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MCNAMARA: Training
in psychic abilities
has opened me up, where I
started having experiences
with non-human entities.
>>REGINA: How do you cut
through the programming
and start developing
your psychic abilities
such as remote viewing?
Most everyone in this audience
has heard of remote viewing
but often thinks it's just for
secret ops or military use.
No, it's for you and me.
Sean McNamara had
a different path
to becoming a remote viewer.
It was a result of
all things, some
uncomfortableness during
Buddhist training.
We'll get to that
in a little bit.
But more importantly, he came
to realize that this skill
set will set humanity free and
now teaches it to the public.
Welcome, Sean.
It's so good to have you here.
>>MCNAMARA: It's great
to be here, Regina.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: I love remote viewing.
I think I love remote
viewing so much
because I agree 100% with you--
this is our path
to freedom where
we can't be lied to anymore
because right now trying
to find truth in any form is
become a challenge for humanity
amongst all the manipulations.
So why don't you take
it away from there
about what you were
doing that led you to it?
I teased it a little
bit in the open.
We'll go through
that pretty quickly.
You're actually years
into Buddhist training
and you've learned
to use your mind?
>>MCNAMARA: Yeah.
That was probably
the biggest gift
from all the training
I had received
in a particular
tradition of Buddhism.
And at a certain point, I've
just seen too much bad behavior
from some of the teachers
in these traditions.
So I don't mean to criticize
the religion or the tradition,
but people are people.
>>REGINA: Gurus always seem to
kind of succumb a little bit
to all the attention
and flattery.
>>MCNAMARA: And along with
seeing that side of things,
I also realized that I had
given up my personal quest
for becoming a meditator.
I'd started training
in these traditions
because I was seeking an
answer about life after death.
And instead, I became
a good Buddhist,
which you could do
with any religion
where you just start to follow
the dogma, the techniques,
and you try and fill that form
so that you're a good model.
And then you'll get
to nirvana, heaven,
whatever it is the end goal is
suddenly that becomes the path.
But that wasn't
why I got started,
but I forgot my
original intention.
And maybe it was
a gift that I had
some negative interactions--
>>REGINA: Set you free.
>>MCNAMARA: --that set me
free because I realized
I'd forgotten my
path and my path
was to find some answers
that I wasn't getting.
But now I was free to
try other ways, so I--
>>REGINA: With that deep
background in meditation
and reflectiveness.
>>MCNAMARA: Exactly.
I built up the inner
discipline because meditation
takes that discipline to
practice on a daily basis
to look at the mind,
to be discerning
when looking at what's coming
up, and developing the strength
and clarity to see things
on a more subtle level.
So that was the gift of all the
training and I took that gift
and started doing
my own exploring.
And the first thing I did
was I trained consistently
to have an out-of-body
experience, which I did,
and that took away my
fear of death right away.
So that really clinched it that
I needed to find my own path
and find my own
answers and that would
be more powerful than
following someone else's path.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MCNAMARA: Maybe
it's personality
based because I'm stubborn.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You want to do it your way?
>>MCNAMARA: I want
to do it my way.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Well, when you were
young you had some health
issues.
So you did have questions
about oh gosh, if I die--
you were afraid of death?
>>MCNAMARA: I was
afraid of death.
And all these
beautiful religions
that I'd grown up in-- the
Catholicism, then Buddhism,
and been exposed to others,
they offer some information
to make you feel better
about the dying process
and what happens afterwards.
But I wanted evidence,
I want an experience,
I didn't just want
to operate on faith.
And the out-of-body
experience gave me
that evidential
experience that's
something that is part
of me is not physical,
is beyond physical, and I have
complete trust that part will
linger on after the body dies.
>>REGINA: Right.
And those out-of-body
experiences
pretty much I state for you.
You realized you were
more than your body.
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
And that it belonged to me.
I didn't have to turn my
power over anymore to a guru,
to a teacher, to a priest,
to a religion, to a dogma.
My experience was something
that I owned completely.
I worked for it.
I had it and I saw some
true part of my nature
and I realized
that I didn't need
to give away my power
anymore to anybody else.
And I didn't need to ask anyone
else for their interpretation
of what reality is that if
I work hard enough at it
I can find my own answers.
And of course, is
there some part of me
that isn't just physical?
That's only one question.
There's so many
other questions too.
But no longer being
afraid of dying
frees me up energetically to
do the exploration because now
it's not just a desperate
need for security
but there's a curiosity
there, there's play,
>>REGINA: It's all safer.
>>MCNAMARA: There's imagination.
I feel--
>>REGINA: Because you're
going to go on no matter what.
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Right.
When you first started remote
viewing, did you go to a school
to do that initially, or how
did you initially get into it?
>>MCNAMARA: So two
different things happen.
One was I took a--
I think it was from his book,
David Morehouse, who was one
of the original remote viewers.
So I took his book course
and around the same time
I was taking a year-long
training program in mediumship.
And the teacher also trained
us in basic clairvoyance,
and she used some remote
viewing exercises too.
So that was some classroom-type
training that I did.
And then learning
everything I could online
and from different
remote viewing groups.
>>REGINA: And you also had
another overlay in all of this,
which was that you had
been a massage therapist,
so you knew the meridians of
the body and how the body works
with information
and intelligence,
which I think that's a
part a lot of people--
when it comes to remote
viewing a lot of people
don't know that this
even is a thing.
>>MCNAMARA: Yeah.
Well, it's funny.
The massage therapy, I
did that for seven years.
And I think anyone out
there who's had a massage,
maybe your massage
therapist is someone
you've had a relationship
for several years.
This happens where
once in a while
the therapist will
start saying something
and the person laying
on the table says,
I was just thinking
that, or, this
was a question I've
been holding in my mind,
because there was a
spontaneous telepathic link,
and it was through
the physical contact.
Later on, I read this
book, "Psychic Discoveries
Behind the Iron Curtain."
And there's a chapter in
there and it's very brief.
I think it's just one or two
paragraphs where they discuss
finding certain
points on the body
that when they would be
manipulated as an acupressure
that it could stimulate
someone's psychic ability.
So with--
>>REGINA: There
are those points.
>>MCNAMARA: Exactly.
Well, so vague.
[LAUGHTER]
So vague.
But I thought I would
do an experiment
with some friends, who I did
a series of remote viewing
experiments with.
Later on, we'd go on to win
a couple of small lotteries
using remote viewing.
But the first major experiment
I did with them was I
would put them in
a chair massage.
And being a therapist I
was the massage therapist
but I also created
targets for them
to view while they
were getting massage.
So I didn't have to worry about
what are the specific points.
I'll just massage
their whole body
while they were
clothed in a chair
and the target would be
in an envelope somewhere.
But while they're
in the chair they
had a clipboard and a paper,
and they knew the coordinate
because remote viewing uses
these coordinate numbers.
And their job while enjoying
this beautiful, delicious
massage--
>>REGINA: Which puts you
in a very receptive state.
>>MCNAMARA: And comfortable,
relaxed, and at the same time
try and perceive the image
associated with this number.
And they started drawing.
I would meet with
them one by one.
And after the massage was
done, we'd go to another room
and I would open the envelope
and show them the image
and compare it to
their transcript.
And both of our jaws,
every time we'd follow--
>>REGINA: So did you find
it was more effective when
you were actually hitting
certain points on the body?
>>MCNAMARA: It's
hard to tell exactly.
For some people, under
the base of the skull
worked really well,
this side of the neck.
But the vagus nerve works
here, so massaging it
stimulates the vagus
nerve, which puts you
in an even more relaxed state.
So those were really effective
places to work on people.
But sometimes the hands
were also really productive.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>MCNAMARA: Because all the
meridians and the fingertips.
So there's an Italian,
Giuseppe Calligaris,
who wrote a book about skin
plaques, little areas of skin
that if you stimulate them,
they would also make you psychic
or do other things.
And he had a couple
of points in the hand.
So I knew that the hands
would also be very helpful.
But in general, it was really
hard to determine exactly
which points did what.
But I could tell when
something was working
because they would have to lift
their head out of their cradle
and say, OK, please
give me one moment
as they looked at the page
and did their drawing.
And when they were done, they
would sink their head back
in the cradle and I would
continue the massage.
So sometimes I could tell like
I must be hitting something good
now because they just
lifted their head
and they're drawing something.
So that was really interesting
that there is, you know,
anyone who studies
acupuncture or massage therapy
or other healing
modalities knows
that the body-mind
connection is very strong.
And the body we could say
is an antenna in a sense.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I totally agree with that.
And so massage work
might offer more benefits
than we previously thought,
especially if we're
working on opening up to other
dimensions of information,
for example, right?
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
I think this gives another
reason why self-care
is so important because if
anything stress, tension,
and fear shut us down.
And I know that
personally that shut down.
>>REGINA: And the last
couple of years everybody's
been in stress,
tension, and fear.
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
So it's been a really rough
time on a psychic level
and also on a very basic
day-to-day level for everyone.
So self-care.
>>REGINA: That's interesting
because when you think about
it--
we're not going to go down
the conspiracy rabbit hole,
but everyone watching
this knows by now
if they've been
watching my shows
or Gaia shows for
a while, that there
seems to be some kind of force,
whatever you want to call it.
You can ask questions about it.
Maybe you can't name it
exactly, but everyone
knows there's something that
seems to be projecting itself
in the human program to
create more and more fear,
more and more sense of
lack, more and more lack
of confidence in self.
Don't listen to yourself,
listen to the experts.
And then, of course, we
had the whole COVID thing
where everybody you do
what we say top-down.
Nice countries turning into
fascist states practically.
All this going on to
essentially subdue free-thinking
and openness and I
would like to know
as a remote viewer
and teaching others
what you saw during
all that period?
The shutdown wasn't just
a shutdown of economies
and travel and work.
I think there was a huge
psychic shutdown on some levels.
>>MCNAMARA: Well, I can
speak personally to that
and say yeah, for me
all of that pressure,
it puts a darkness over
the mind, a heaviness,
and it restricts us to
being more survivalists.
It gets to the base
part of our brain
where we're
concerned with what's
my life going to be
tomorrow, a week from now,
a month from now?
How much freedom do I have?
Am I going to get
sick, or people
I love going to get sick?
And it's political,
it's commercial,
it's everything,
all this pressure.
So what is that doing to
the chemicals in our brain,
to the neurotransmitters,
the stress hormones?
These are not states that are
conducive to being psychically
open or to even thinking
clearly on a basic level.
>>REGINA: That's the thing.
It leaves us absolutely
open to manipulation.
And we all know
now through films
such as, I mean,
I consider "Social
Dilemma" an absolute must-see
film because it talks about how
the algorithms that are
pervasive in our world today
manipulate consciousness.
But there are others
we can watch as well
and other people that have
done a good study in terms
of algorithm's effect
on our mental processing
and it is terrible.
I mean, it's
absolutely terrible.
And so here we have all this
incoming, so we're shut down,
we're not intuitive,
we're grasping anywhere
for anything that is going to
help us feel a sense of safety
and we're being manipulated.
>>MCNAMARA: There are
people highly educated
with a lot of resources who
know how the brain works.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And that stuff has been going
on for many, many decades now
and this was kind of
the piaz de resistance,
the whole world's in fear.
So we know what that felt like.
A lot of people became
very, very depressed
during this period of
time, very isolated.
So now we're coming
out of all of that.
And what are you seeing
happen to people's psyche
because you train these people?
>>MCNAMARA: Well, so individual
because people are different
stratas of society.
Some people are going to
be struggling for decades,
if not longer.
Some people are going to recover
a lot faster than that, bad.
It seem there for a
little while that there
was some glimmer of hope, some
light, now there's Ukraine.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, that's all,
you know, yeah.
God always have
a disaster going.
>>MCNAMARA: There's
always something to--
>>REGINA: Not to minimize
the suffering at all
but got to keep
a disaster going.
>>MCNAMARA: There's
something going on.
So it's really difficult,
but for anyone who can,
there are ways to find
your pocket of calm.
And some people meditate,
some people pray.
Practicing psychic
abilities I think
are on par with
meditation and prayer
because we have to go within,
we have to set time aside
to work with our mind to achieve
a relaxed state of mind which
you can do.
Even if the world
is going crazy,
if you work at it
regularly, you can
train the mind to enter a
relaxed state and then open up.
So not only are you connecting
with your larger self or larger
reality but you're
also retrieving
some of your own
discernment, just
creating a pocket of
stillness so that you
can think independently
of what you're
seeing on social media
or TV or anywhere else.
So clear thinking, people
can find that space
within themselves even
today and protocols
like remote viewing or different
types of meditation and prayer
do that for you.
>>REGINA: So how do you
cut through the programming
and start developing
your psychic abilities
such as remote viewing?
I mean, you have courses on
this where people can come
and they experiment.
Let's talk about how that
goes just from a formal point
of view because I think
people are creative,
our audience is quite
creative and they
can see how they can maybe
play with this a little bit
even on their own.
And I'll share an inadvertent
experiment my husband
and I just did to show
how simple it can be.
So first of all
in remote viewing,
you're not the one
choosing the target
because you want to cut those
emotional expectations and ties
which can skew the outcome.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCNAMARA: Yeah,
it's really important
to be clear about the labels we
use because remote viewing uses
clairvoyance and everyone is
familiar with clairvoyance.
But clairvoyance can
happen spontaneously
and a person can choose
to perceive something
that they're
interested in that way.
But with remote viewing,
it's deliberate.
You choose a time
you're going to do it.
There's a tasker who has
the target to be perceived
but the viewer doesn't
know what that is.
And then you assign
a symbol to that.
And in this case, it's
usually a coordinate number
or a target reference number.
Four, six, or eight digits
randomly selected, all they do
is represent the target.
You sit down, the
remote viewer enters
what's called the
Cool Down, which
is a relaxing state,
a meditative state,
a state of openness and quiet.
And some people
do it very quickly
and some people take
their time doing it.
But in either case,
you're cutting
through the noise of the mind,
entering a different state
of perception.
And then they send
their intention
out to perceive the target.
And there are
different protocols
as to what you write
down in the paper,
but it can be very
organic where you just
start writing down what comes
to you from any of the senses.
It can be visual imagery.
It could be sound, smell,
taste, emotional qualities,
or ambiance.
Any of that can be written
down and described on paper.
And perhaps the most important
part is the feedback.
That's the part at the end where
the remote viewer has actually
shown what the target was so
they can verify that they were
in fact perceiving the target.
And they can learn
from the experience
how accurate were they.
What were their hits?
What did they connect with?
What did they miss completely?
And what other
noise was occurring?
What did they
write down that had
nothing to do with the target?
Where did it come from?
>>REGINA: Where my
thought have intervened.
But fear is the big
challenger to most people,
a fear of being wrong where
the ego steps in, right?
>>MCNAMARA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that part
of how you train people
to tell the ego, you know,
just sit down and
watch for a while.
Just sit this one out.
Give me a little space.
How do you do that?
How do you teach them that?
>>MCNAMARA: Well, there
are two different processes
that happen.
One is very natural.
Usually, they're on their
first or second attempt.
New viewers do really
well because they
have no expectations.
Then they try and match it or
that's where the fear comes in.
What's really happening here?
And their results go down.
And that's when the work
really happens because they
have to come out of that.
And that's when working
with the Cool Down
is really important, and
different breathing techniques,
just basically breathing deeply.
There's a technique of
just dropping the head
and that compresses
the arteries here.
It slows down your pulse.
>>REGINA: You went into some
really classic literature
and such when you were studying
all the processes by which
people can go down into
that cooling state with more
ease and more efficiency.
>>MCNAMARA: Well, I
learned about a man named
Milan Ryzl from Czechoslovakia.
He would use hypnosis
with his subjects.
And they actually won the
Czech lottery multiple times
using this technique.
And he ended up having
to leave because he
was being under close
watch by his government.
So he had to leave.
But I found one
of his books where
he talks about the hypnotic
techniques he uses.
And so often when I work with
students or with my friends
I'll use hypnotic techniques
during the cool-down phase.
The hypnosis is really just a
state of altered consciousness
and relaxation and entering
an alpha state, maybe even
a theta state if you
go deeper than that.
So he's a researcher,
a practitioner
who I really rely on his work.
And I enjoy working with
other resources from the past
because there's so many
valuable scientists who
we need to remember their work.
There is a Russian whose
last name was Vasilyev
and he did some
interesting work.
This connects to
the conversation
we had about the body.
And this was about telepathy.
There would be a subject
in one room told to draw,
to view basically what this
other person would be drawing
on a piece of paper,
but the viewer
was given a planchette
so this board on wheels
with a pencil stuck through it.
And they would just
move the planchette--
>>REGINA: Which is which
you use on a Ouija board?
>>MCNAMARA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: That it had
a hole in a pencil?
>>MCNAMARA: And they would
just let her arms move
so their body is
communicating the information
and they would do
the drawing that way.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>MCNAMARA: And I was so
inspired by that experiment
that I thought maybe we
can do something similar
but without a planchette.
So what I did was through
these series of experiments
I asked my viewers,
try and feel what
you'll be drawing when
you get your feedback.
So they would do their viewing
session in the present moment,
but let's go to the
future and that they're
given their feedback image
in a piece of tracing paper,
and then they would
trace the picture.
So in the future, they're
moving their hand and arm
a certain way.
But now back to
the viewing moment,
I said, instead of just remote
viewing the ordinary way,
try and just feel while
your arms and hands are
doing in the future as you're
tracing over the target image.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>MCNAMARA: And they did it and
the results were astounding.
>>REGINA: So this was
viewing into the future?
>>MCNAMARA: They're viewing
themselves in the future.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Now that's interesting.
And I brought this up before,
and so a couple of people
watching may have heard of it.
But what happened
was the big reveal
in the famous Soviet-American
remote viewing
experiment before the Iron
Curtain, before that all fell,
and that was what Russell
Targ was involved in.
Lot of witnesses, really
good remote viewer
who was also a healer.
She was a healer first.
And even the Soviet Academy
of Sciences was present.
The whole thing was filmed.
I saw the film right
when they got back.
And it was an
extraordinary session.
She was right on with everything
she drew for the target, which
was the merry-go-round at
Pier 39 in San Francisco,
right down to animals with
glass eyes and water right off
and she got it.
But the interesting
thing was that target
wasn't chosen for another.
It was either three or four
hours after she viewed it.
And I've noticed this too
even with myself going out
with Steven Greer and such
when you view into the future
how clean and clear it can be
and this is what you notice.
Why is that?
>>MCNAMARA: Why people
can see into the future?
>>REGINA: So clearly.
I mean, it's almost like
it's less obstructed
in a way than the present.
>>MCNAMARA: Well, I think it has
a way of minimizing the ego's
impact on the experiment.
Because there's that
psychological distance where
if it's something
happened in the present
that you're trying to perceive,
there's a lot of pressure
there.
This is happening
right now, draw it,
versus something in the future.
There's a sense
of less pressure.
They're seems looser in a way.
It's nuanced.
>>REGINA: It's more of a game.
>>MCNAMARA: It's more of a game.
So it's more fun
and there's always
that idea of who's seeing into
the future, and it's been up--
>>REGINA: You almost let
yourself off the hook.
Your ego can get out of
the way because you're not
expecting to be right and
it's just a game of sorts.
>>MCNAMARA: And
there's a connection
about taking yourself
off the hook and peace.
So the more a person can relax
and just let go of the pressure
and be open to
anything that enters
the mind during a
viewing session,
trusting their own perceptions,
trusting their own mind,
and putting it down and having
that game component to it.
What's going to come to my mind?
The target could be
anything in the world that
could be verified.
Anything.
So as Russell Targ says,
draw whatever strange things
occurring in your mind.
And so people can
be true to that,
their results are usually great.
>>REGINA: So let's go into the
notion of why it's not good.
People like to learn
various skills and think,
OK, I'm going to use this
to spy on my boyfriend
this weekend
because he went away
and I don't know where he is.
Let's just say
some woman is going
to do something like that.
>>MCNAMARA: Sure.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
why that's not a good idea.
>>MCNAMARA: It's difficult
because the mind is always
filled with about 1,000
different ideas and feelings
and images.
And if you set up
your own targets,
if you want to find
out if your partner is
cheating on you at the moment.
>>REGINA: Or he loves me, he
loves me not into the future,
right?
>>MCNAMARA: Yeah.
Usually, your deepest
fears are what's really
going to enter your mind.
And you might read it as
oh, I'm clearly seeing
something that's occurring.
No, you're clearly seeing that
part of your mind that's scared
or that doesn't want to be hurt.
There's a connection
between psychic abilities
and self-preservation.
I think this is part of how it's
developed in the human race--
>>REGINA: Talk about that.
>>MCNAMARA: --where it could be
used as a form of communication
or we could put this in context
of shamanistic societies,
where if you have a day or
two to find the nearest herd
of reindeer--
>>REGINA: Or water or whatever.
>>MCNAMARA: --or
buffalo or water,
you can't spend that time
cruising through 10 valleys
looking for those resources.
You have to find it now
for the tribe to survive.
So the shaman would travel
with the mind and locate,
and then they can use
their energetic resources,
you know, food and time
to go find them and do
the hunting or gathering,
what they need to do.
So we're deciding
where is danger
or if a tribe is
coming to attack.
1,000 years ago, how would
you retrieve that information?
It would be through
psychic perception,
and that was all about survival.
So they're crucial.
And of course, there's
this process of elimination
that the ones who did
a really good job at it
kept their jobs, so to speak.
And then the ones who
didn't, their survival odds
went down drastically.
So there's this filtration
process all the time.
>>REGINA: So you have
actual communal survival
and people who are highly
skilled and connected
with nature.
Now you have a
modern-day situation
where it's your ego or emotional
survival that's often at stake.
I know a lot of people
that use divination
and whatever it
is they're trying
to develop to determine
things like money and love
and it almost never goes right.
They give themselves so much
misinformation so often.
And again, it's based in fear--
fear of rejection,
abandonment, lack, and whatnot.
>>MCNAMARA: There
are ways where you
could work with a
friend or a loved one,
they're not as challenging
but you can do it.
Let's say with your
spouse, your spouse
knows 5 or 10
questions you're caring
about your personal life,
your professional life,
and you turn it into a game.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Get the ego out of the way.
>>MCNAMARA: Get the
ego out of the way.
And then you could designate
one day of the week.
Sunday afternoons
are our playtime.
And your spouse writes down
a question pertaining to you
but you don't know
what that question is.
And then you or a third
friend, they're the viewer
or you're the viewer
but you have no idea.
And they do the viewing related
to the target and the question
is--
whatever the
question is, and then
you compare the transcript
to the question.
It's probably even
better that you're not
involved if it's
about you, but you
have a friend doing the viewing
and someone close to you--
>>REGINA: The surrogate.
>>MCNAMARA: --asking
the question.
So the target instead
of being a picture
of a building or
an airline strip,
it's a question
about your career.
It could be a--
well.
>>REGINA: Whatever.
>>MCNAMARA: Whatever, but--
>>REGINA: Something personal.
>>MCNAMARA: If we have
our own pods of friends
we can do this for each other.
>>REGINA: And I think
that's really beautiful.
I mean, because most
people want to use it
in ways that are
going to enhance
their own personal lives or it
keeps them away from trouble
or making a bad
mistake of some kind.
And I love the fact that
you're talking about
that we can be
surrogates because we're
clearer of the fear
than the person who
wants the information.
Do you teach that in
your workshops too?
>>MCNAMARA: Well, I
have a small group
of friends who we work
together regularly
and we've done that
for each other.
Sometimes the friend
lets me know that hey,
something's happening.
And I'll design a question
for the rest of the team,
for the rest of our
friends to view.
And they don't even
know who it's for,
but we do the viewing, and
then there's the information.
I've also done it
for myself where I
had a question about this is--
[LAUGHTER]
--I'll reveal a little bit.
So I wasn't sure about
which book to work on.
I'm always writing
something and I--
which book would be most
successful at the end of 2022?
I don't remember
what the year was.
And I asked them if
they would help me
and they said they would.
So I asked the
question-- they had
no idea what my question
was, and the question the way
I designed it was
please describe
the contents of
Sean's potential book
that would be most successful
at the end of this time frame.
They did their viewing and
they had no idea, again,
no idea what they were
supposed to be doing,
what the question
was, and they started
describing different themes.
And the results of
their transcripts
told me which of
my two-book ideas
I should focus on, which I did.
>>REGINA: That's lovely.
That'd be a wonderful
thing to teach
people is to how to work
in group with each other
where you have a few friends
or you have a couple of family
members that are open to it.
>>MCNAMARA: And the thing
is everybody's psychic
to one degree or another.
And you can practice and
train and develop your ability
over time, and you don't have
to go to an expensive school
to learn.
Basically, what
you've heard here
so far you can use already
with two or three friends.
Just design your experiment and
just draw whatever you perceive
and then compare it to the
question that was asked.
And of course, the
person who the question
is for has to determine-- do
I want to follow this advice?
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, that's a
whole other thing.
That's where the ego can
pop back in by the way.
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
And with our kids because
ideally what we want
is to start creating societies
again, which is in our future
from what everybody that has
looked into the future has seen
we do become telepathic.
We do move into
a more golden age
where we can communicate
transparently
with each other and
through telepathy
and that starts
with the children.
And I remember when my
son was little we do,
which hand is the penny, or
what color am I thinking of,
and that kind of thing.
And I mentioned this earlier.
The other day my
husband and I were
talking about a famous
mathematical model
about those game shows.
You have a car behind one door
and goats behind the other two.
Do you raise the odds?
And I thought, well, I'm
not understanding it.
My mind's still
going in the old way.
So we were playing a little
game and he said, OK,
so the three cards.
The red card is the car and
the black cards are the goats.
Well, do that.
You just choose and
see what happens.
And what happens with me is
when I go into a receptive state
my bunny ears go up and
everything kicks in.
So it wasn't realistic
compared to being
on a stage as a contestant
trying to choose a car that you
desperately want.
So I picked six out
of seven red cards.
I picked the car
each time because I
was in a receptive
state, so stop it.
[LAUGHTER]
This isn't reflective of
the mathematical model.
But again, that gets me
to the next question.
It was going into this
nice receiver state
like going out with
CE-5 group and such.
Some people are better
receivers and some people
are better senders.
Let's talk about
the energetic mode
you need to be in
for each of those.
>>MCNAMARA: That's
a great question
because there are
different modes for both.
And I read a book once
by Andrija Puharich
called "Beyond Telepathy" where
he discussed some experiments
he had done with
the mushroom Amanita
muscaria and some others.
But he realized that to
be in a receptive state,
it's very relaxed.
He called it the
cholinergic state.
But senders are in the
adrenergic stage related to a--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: Jacked up.
Excited.
>>MCNAMARA: Very jacked up.
So I think about a mom, she's
staring out the window at home,
she's very relaxed, and her son
is away at college in New York
and she's in California.
She's very relaxed.
And suddenly she
gets this impression
that her son has been
in a car accident.
And five minutes later, she gets
a phone call from the hospital
and her son indeed was
just in a car accident.
And what we have
here is that she
was very relaxed and
receptive and her son, who
she has a link with by birth,
he's in the opposite state.
He's jacked up
because of the stress,
the tension, the crisis--
>>REGINA: He's sending
the signal out.
>>MCNAMARA: --he's
sending the signal out.
And I thought I would test this
idea about two different states
with my friends where the remote
viewers would be very relaxed.
I would use some hypnotic
induction or just guided
meditation to put them
in a relaxed state,
but then they were receiving
the information from themselves
in the future.
So in the future, they
are their own sender
sending the information.
Then I wanted them to be
in that jacked-up state,
so I asked them to dunk their
arms in buckets of ice water.
>>REGINA: So you're asking them
to be both relaxed and excited
at the same time?
>>MCNAMARA: At the
president in the future.
Yeah.
So the signal is not going
from one place to another
but from one time to another.
But in the future, they're
playing the role of the college
student in the car accident--
>>REGINA: And ascending.
>>MCNAMARA: --and descending
because their arm is dunked
in this painfully cold
ice water which is--
>>REGINA: While they're relaxed
and receptive as the receiver.
>>MCNAMARA: Yes.
>>REGINA: Well, that's tricky.
>>MCNAMARA: That's tricky.
It's how am I going to be my own
telephone system across time?
Well, to receive
I'll be relaxed,
to send back in
time to myself I'll
have to be very
excited, very amped up.
And the ice water thing
is a common practice
in psychology experiments
about how much
pain will people endure with
different kinds of motivation.
So there was no permanent
damage and it's a lot of fun.
>>REGINA: And this also gets to
the notion that a lot of times
like in a group of
friends, for example,
where you have close
friends, if someone's
in distress, their friends just
out of the blue start calling.
And I think almost everybody
has been through this.
So this is just an
everyday example
of how this is always
working, right?
>>MCNAMARA: Absolutely.
Any time a person if a
friend is coming to mind,
usually, they don't
think about them
for weeks at a time and
somebody think about them
two or three times in the
last few days, column.
It can't hurt at the very least.
Get over the ego.
You're not going to take
up anyone's time call
because that's what's being
asked on this deeper level.
So follow through
and something amazing
could happen because of that.
Not only might you actually
be perceiving a need
but you'll be fulfilling a need.
You'll be confirming
a connection
you have with someone.
>>REGINA: And you'll
be honoring yourself
for signaling you to
begin with in developing
confidence in yourself.
>>MCNAMARA: And that's perhaps
the most important part
of developing one's intuition
is developing confidence through
repeated confirmation--
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>MCNAMARA: --over
and over again.
And the more you trust
yourself the more receptive
you become over time.
The ice bucket experiment
led me to believe this idea
about why some people
are really lucky
and why some people
are always unlucky.
I think we do this thing
about talking to ourselves
across time all the time.
Imagine you're trying
to make a decision,
should I agree to do
this or not agree?
And you go forward
in the future and you
made the right decision.
These are the lucky
people because what
they do is they celebrate.
So instead of causing themselves
pain, instead they celebrate.
They're really good
at acknowledging, yes,
this was the right decision.
I'm so happy.
And that is the energy--
>>REGINA: Reinforces everything.
>>MCNAMARA: --that
sends the information
back to when they needed
to choose left or right
versus the unlucky person,
who they doubt themselves,
or even when good things
happen they underplay it,
they bury it.
Maybe they don't feel
deserving or maybe they're
still not sure if this
is the right thing.
And then either no
signal is being sent back
or a convoluted signal
is being sent back,
and so they're not
really communicating
with themselves
across time the way
the person who is affirming
their decision, celebrating it.
Their mind is imbued
with love, which
I think is the best
transmitter of information.
>>REGINA: And you
have to commit.
And oftentimes I think
what you're mentioning here
is people that second guess
themselves a lot don't commit.
You stay in no
man's land, and it
seems that someone with
the most amazing potential
just doesn't manifest.
Their reality doesn't manifest
into what everybody else can
see, these incredible
potentials and capabilities
because they're constantly
second-guessing themselves
and doubting, and so
they become paralyzed.
>>MCNAMARA: And it's sad because
there are so many resources
to teach people how to
access their intuition
but there is that
psychological aspect.
You beat yourself up,
you don't trust yourself,
second-guessing.
I experienced that all
the time for myself.
That is something
I still work on
and I'm getting better at it.
I can tell when I'm sabotaging
myself a little more
and then I'll choose the
other option instead.
>>REGINA: Good for you.
The other door.
Choose the opposite door.
>>MCNAMARA: Choose
the other door
because there I am again
doing that thing I do,
doubting myself.
And I've seen this in my
own psychic experiments
at home where I track my
progress on my records.
There's something a phenomenon
called psi missing, P-S-I, psi
missing.
Where instead of showing
your psychic ability
by doing considerably
well over chance,
so if it's something
about choosing
different targets above
average, you're showing
you're a psychic.
If you weren't
psychic at all you'd
be around average or a chance
level or would be like random.
But often I'm so
below chance that it
shows I am being psychic but
I am contradicting myself,
so I'm doing so poorly.
I'm doing more
poorly than I could
do if I was just being random.
So psychic man is working.
>>REGINA: You're
having a psychic effect
but on a downward level.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCNAMARA: Because I'm
doubting everything.
I'm seeing correctly and I'm
going the opposite direction
because I'm doubting
myself every moment.
>>REGINA: That's so interesting
that you who teach this
go through this yourself.
So that makes you much
more approachable and real
because that's where
a lot of people are.
>>MCNAMARA: I'm not a
super psychic or anything.
I think my talent is
helping people bring it out
of themselves.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Good teacher.
>>MCNAMARA: I enjoy teaching it.
I'm not particularly
psychic above average, maybe
just because I've
been exposed to it.
But I have to work
really hard if I want
to develop my scores basically.
When I'm training
things get better.
When I'm in crisis, when I'm
depressed, when I'm worn out,
then I'll go through that.
>>REGINA: Well, and
that's true for everybody.
And that's why I brought
that up earlier is
that we can't afford to work
against ourselves anymore.
We have to find a way to find
some optimism, some faith
in something, some
joy again so that we
can get these facilities open.
That is our inheritance.
Our future is to be able to
see beyond time and space.
And we don't need
to keep allowing
ourselves to be stepped on and
have that stomped out of us.
I get really angry
over that personally.
So we have a few minutes left.
Let's talk about one
area you're going into.
You're exploring
a little bit more
and maybe writing on as well.
And it has to do with people who
are getting messages from ETs,
of planet cultures of
one kind or another,
and what is it about
that in remote viewing
that you're really
struck by at the moment?
>>MCNAMARA: Well, I
know plenty of people
have seen craft in the sky or
had interactions spontaneously.
They didn't have to work for it.
And from my experience,
training and psychic abilities
opens a person up
or has opened me up,
where I started
having experiences
with non-human entities.
And I think they
wouldn't have happened
if I hadn't been opening my mind
by training in remote viewing
or out-of-body experiences.
>>REGINA: So tell us a
little bit about the nature
of these communications?
>>MCNAMARA: Well,
so in the beginning,
they were in let's
say the liminal state,
which is where the
out-of-body experience occurs.
Because you're conscious
but your body is asleep.
And the first one for me--
first or second one,
is I'm in bed asleep,
and then I become
conscious and it's
as if the room is
filled with moonlight.
My eyes were closed but there
was this light shining in.
And so I opened my eyes
and the room is pitch dark.
There's no moon.
There's nothing.
I close them again,
drift off to sleep,
but I become conscious
again and there's a light.
And I do this two
or three times.
And then the next time
I drift back and relax
the light comes on and then
there's a face looking right
at me in the liminal state.
So if my wife woke up in
the bedroom and saw me
I don't know if she would
see a face floating.
So this is in
consciousness, just
letting me know
that it was there.
So that was a little disturbing.
I was bothered for a few weeks
by it because I had no control
and it was clear
that I had no control
but it was letting me know
that it was looking at me.
There were a few
times where there
would be something at the door,
again, at the liminal state.
And then the most
profound one that happened
was an intimate moment.
I became conscious in the
liminal state having a--
was in union with
a feminine being.
And it was sort of a
Kundalini experience
where this energy
rose in my body.
And I don't know what
the purpose of it
was but it stuck with me.
And I think it has
had an influence
on what I've focused on since
then because it actually
drove me to seek more
evidence in the physical world
because how much can I
trust this stuff happening
in the middle of the night?
I wanted more evidence.
So I spent a weekend with Paula
Harris and Ricardo Gonzalez
in Crestone, Colorado.
>>REGINA: A lot going on there.
>>MCNAMARA: A lot
going on there.
And the thought was
that Ricardo is someone
who has repeated since decades
of being in contact with them
and them showing up
surrounded by witnesses.
So I went and we had
sightings both nights.
And that gave me
the confirmation
that what I'd been experiencing
before then was valid.
And now I know I shouldn't
even have doubted myself
because if something
affects you,
whether it's a dream or some
other mystical experience
or you're wide
awake, whatever it
is if it affects you and
changes your personality
or has an emotional
impact, it's real.
That's what real is.
Not just because
there's a witness,
there was a photograph--
no, how did it affect you?
>>REGINA: And so now
as you're working
with people and
you have students
and such you're finding this
is not an uncommon phenomenon?
>>MCNAMARA: No.
>>REGINA: And so it
has implications.
And we don't have time to
talk about the implications
because we're out
of time, but what
I'd like to do is
pick up this thread,
have you back in the future
and talk about specifically
this subject and the
implications of what
you and many, many
others are receiving
from these interdimensional
beings even physically
teased but often
interdimensional
that can manifest here.
And what we can do with
that information, what
the implications of it
are because there seems
to be a consistency to it?
So I'll just leave
that is a little tease.
How's that?
>>MCNAMARA: Sounds great
>>REGINA: Sean, it's so
nice having you here.
I love the fact that you're
so grounded and so real,
and like you said,
your passion is
in helping people discover
this in themselves.
And I love the fact that you
brought the physical part
into it and the
need for us to start
taking care of our bodies,
self-care, massage,
and so forth to start opening
ourselves up after such
a dark time in human history.
So I appreciate that.
Thank you.
>>MCNAMARA: Thank you.
It's been a pleasure.
>>REGINA: If you'd like
to connect with Sean
and learn more
about remote viewing
you can go to his
site mindpossible.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]